Combine sidebars for TFC/TFE (#1319)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/enterprise/index.html.md

> 

Reviewer: I think the "About Terraform Cloud and Terraform Enterprise" section could use a little reworking. Since this is the Enterprise index page, it might be better to frame the issue more in terms of Enterprise, especially the. second paragraph. Maybe something like "Terraform Enterprise includes the Terraform Cloud application plus other stuff..."

Author: Good call! I've merged your suggestion, and we can revisit at a later date if it needs any more adjustments. 👍🏼

### Note About Product Names

Before mid-2019, all distributions of Terraform Cloud used to be called Terraform Enterprise; the self-hosted distribution was called Private Terraform Enterprise (PTFE). These previous names sometimes still appear in supporting tools (like [the `tfe` Terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/tfe/latest), which is also intended for use with Terraform Cloud).

## Who is This Documentation For?

> The **Deployment and Operation** section of the Terraform Enterprise documentation is for admins and operators who install and maintain their organization's Terraform Enterprise instance. It is not intended for normal users of the Terraform Enterprise application.

Reviewer 2: Minor change since the term "normal" is ambiguous.

```suggestion
The **Deployment and Operation** section of the Terraform Enterprise documentation is for admins and operators who install and maintain their organization's Terraform Enterprise instance. It is not intended for end users of the Terraform Enterprise application.
```

> The **Application Usage** section of the Terraform Enterprise documentation is the same content as the [Terraform Cloud documentation](/docs/cloud/index.html). It is intended for everyone who uses the Terraform Cloud application to provision and manage infrastructure; this includes Terraform Enterprise users, since Terraform Enterprise and Terraform Cloud are the same application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Application Usage** section of the Terraform Enterprise documentation is intended for application end users. It is the same content as the [Terraform Cloud documentation](/docs/cloud/index.html) because the application is shared between both products. 
```

> For expediency, we usually refer to the application as Terraform Cloud within the application usage documentation.

Reviewer 2: Alternative wording to remove "we" since I'm not sure if the document is meant to be written in the first-person perspective. Feel free to ignore.

```suggestion
For expediency, the application usage documentation refers to the application as Terraform Cloud.
```
